AAP-2514 Created chapter documenting SSO configuration steps. (#418)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/proc-update-rhsso-client.adoc

[id="proc-update-rhsso-client_{context}"]

= Updating the RH-SSO client

> When {HubName} is installed and you know the URL of the instance, the RH-SSO client must be updated to set the Valid Redirect URIs and Web Origins settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When {HubName} is installed and you know the URL of the instance, you must update the RH-SSO client to set the Valid Redirect URIs and Web Origins settings.
```
